courses/courses.md, before:

# Learning Courses

- Android Basics with Compose (100 hours)

## Android Basics with Compose (100 hours)

The Android Basics with Compose is consisted of 8 units:

Unit1: Your first Android app (10 hours, 2024/09/28 - )
- Introduction to Kotlin (3 hours, 2024/09/28 - 09/30)
- Setup Android Studio (4 hours, 2024/10/01 - 10/04)
- Build a basic layout (3 hours, 2024/10/05 -) >>> 10 hours

Unit 2: Building app UI (21 hours)
- Kotlin fundamentals (8 hours)
- Add a button to an app (6 hours)
- Interacting with UI and state (7 hours)

Unit 3: Display lists and use Material Design (15 hours)
- More Kotlin fundamentals (8 hours)
- Build a scrollable list (4 hours)
- Build beautiful apps (3 hours)

Unit 4: Navigation and app architecture (28 hours)
- Architecture Components (9 hours)
- Navigation in Jetpack Compose (6 hours)
- Adapt for different screen sizes (13 hours)

Unit 5: Connect to the Internet (9 hours)
- Get data from the Internet (6 hours)
- Load and display images from the Internet (3 hours)

Unit 6: Data persistence (10 hours)
- Introduction to SQL (2 hours)
- Use Room for data persistence (6 hours)
- Store and access data using keys with DataStore (2 hours)

Unit 7: WorkManager (3 hours)
- Schedule tasks with WorkManager (3 hours)

Unit 8: Views and Compose (4 hours)
- Android Views and Compose in Views (3 hours)
- Views in Compose (1 hour)

Commit message:

courses Figma Design basics added

courses/courses.md, after:

# Learning Courses

- [Android Basics with Compose](https://developer.android.com/courses/android-basics-compose/course) (100 hours)
- [Digital Design basics](https://www.figma.com/resource-library/design-basics/) by Figma (? hours, 2024/10/16 - )

## Digital Design basic by Figma

- Getting started in Design (30 mins, 2024-10-16)
- Design thinking & ethics (30 mins, 2024-10-16)


## Android Basics with Compose (100 hours)

The Android Basics with Compose is consisted of 8 units:

Unit1: Your first Android app (10 hours, 2024/09/28 - )
- Introduction to Kotlin (3 hours, 2024/09/28 - 09/30)
- Setup Android Studio (4 hours, 2024/10/01 - 10/04)
- Build a basic layout (3 hours, 2024/10/05 -) >>> 10 hours

> from 2024-10-16 to ?, Figma Digital Design basics

Unit 2: Building app UI (21 hours)
- Kotlin fundamentals (8 hours)
- Add a button to an app (6 hours)
- Interacting with UI and state (7 hours)

Unit 3: Display lists and use Material Design (15 hours)
- More Kotlin fundamentals (8 hours)
- Build a scrollable list (4 hours)
- Build beautiful apps (3 hours)

Unit 4: Navigation and app architecture (28 hours)
- Architecture Components (9 hours)
- Navigation in Jetpack Compose (6 hours)
- Adapt for different screen sizes (13 hours)

Unit 5: Connect to the Internet (9 hours)
- Get data from the Internet (6 hours)
- Load and display images from the Internet (3 hours)

Unit 6: Data persistence (10 hours)
- Introduction to SQL (2 hours)
- Use Room for data persistence (6 hours)
- Store and access data using keys with DataStore (2 hours)

Unit 7: WorkManager (3 hours)
- Schedule tasks with WorkManager (3 hours)

Unit 8: Views and Compose (4 hours)
- Android Views and Compose in Views (3 hours)
- Views in Compose (1 hour)
